Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Please ignore
Sep 11, 2023 7:10:34pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Oh sorry! That was for my great nephew, who was calling me call please.
Sep 11, 2023 7:10:23pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
I’m here but not dressed. Should I throw on something or will you call me again non-FaceTime?
Sep 11, 2023 7:09:31pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Sorry. As usual, I forgot to send this. There are too many things to remember!!
Sep 11, 2023 7:01:32pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Oh yes. When John retired, he wanted to learn new things so I showed him how to iron, but that didn’t last very long! Then we moved to cooking and he loved it! As he was learning, I was forgetting! I never like eating alone, so I don’t cook for one anymore. I like all fish. What I don’t like is liver, cottage cheese, and kale,although I will choke it down; don’t like greasy ham. Cooking for one is no fun and it’s hard to find packaged delicious foods!
Sep 11, 2023 7:00:24pm
Patrick Fraley
Arise and Shine for its another Beautiful Day Stephane. You can tell I’m the early riser. I've been up since 6am! I usually get up at 7am. I do my best thinking in bed very early in the morning because once I get to the living room, I am surrounded with my doggies who are my fan club and each struggles to be the one closest to me.

I'm glad to hear that you had a wonderful time at the wedding and reception! It sounds like it was a truly special occasion. I agree, it's always a great feeling to spend time with loved ones, especially when you don't get to see them often. It's fantastic that the event was filled with laughter and dancing - those are the memories that will last a lifetime. Thank you for sharing your experience!

Quick question, do you like any kinds of fish? I prepared cod fish and spaghetti for dinner yesterday. Just wondering as I was eating, what your tastes are. I have to tell you that, sometimes. I find eating alone very boring......mostly soup, or a salad, or some cheese an crackers will do. Do you feel the same? I must admit I miss having the companionship of someone emotionally & physically close. And of course I miss intimacy.
Sep 11, 2023 6:08:19am
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
We had a wonderful time at the wedding and then even more fun at the reception. Everything was so beautiful and extremely tastefully done - opulent but not garish, as some weddings are! We were so very very happy to spend time with all our cousins! As I said, it was a glorious occasion instead of a sad one as it so often is. This morning everyone was sore from all the laughter plus dancing most of the night! I have never enjoyed a wedding so much; being with relatives I dearly love and seldom see was the best therapy ever!
Sep 10, 2023 11:05:21pm
Patrick Fraley
Hi Stephanie, good morning.

Thank you for sharing your thoughts and experiences with me. I appreciate you being open and vulnerable about your grief periods after losing John. It sounds like writing on both your and John's Facebook accounts has been therapeutic for you and has allowed you to express not only your own thoughts but also those of other women who may be going through similar experiences.

I will definitely take a look at your writings on your Facebook pages and John's pages. I understand that some of your experiences with other family deaths may be too painful to express unless you have been through them yourself, and I respect your decision to keep those between us.

Take all the time you need next week to go through your writings and reflect on them. It's important to process and acknowledge our emotions. And thank you for considering sharing your experiences with me; I believe it will be helpful for both of us.

I hope you have a restful Sunday, and I look forward to hearing about the wedding this evening. Take care.
Sep 10, 2023 6:23:52am
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Patrick, thank you for writing. I will share my grief periods with you. I finally decided that I would try to write my grief at losing John on both my Facebook and John’s accounts because I was just simply overwhelmed and other widows weren’t ready or willing to tail, so I wrote. I found I released and expressed other women’s thoughts, women who couldn’t find the woods themselves. I will look at my writings on my Facebook pages that I more or less wrote to myself and also things I wrote directly to John on his Facebook pages. In addition, I will describe how I managed to cope with other family deaths, deaths no family should have to endure, such as your Ruby’s. These will be just between you and me as two of them are too painful to express unless you have been there. I will take several days next week; I hope it will help you and I expect I should have done it for my saying it out loud long ago. For now, however, you can read my writings to myself under Stephanie Smith-Wilkey Facebook and my writings to John on his pages (John Wilkey). If, however, you wish to wait, I will note them for you. I know I’m repeating myself but suddenly I’m very very tired.
I hope you have a wonderful Sunday. It’s my favorite day. Also I want to tell you all about the wedding this evening. Until then…
Sep 10, 2023 2:41:29am
Patrick Fraley
Hi Stephanie,
Thank you for sharing the details of your life and experiences. It sounds like you have had quite a journey so far. It's interesting to hear about your time in Dallas and how much it has grown over the years. I can imagine how shocking that must have been for you after being away for some time. It's also fascinating to learn about your first husband's background in music and his career with the Dallas Symphony Orchestra. It's unfortunate that the separation didn't help save his marriage, but it's beautiful that you two found love together. The age difference doesn't seem to have affected your relationship, which is truly remarkable.

I married Jane at a very young age. She was still in high school but we started dating. - she was 19 and i was 27. We jokingly would tell folks because I was older I married her being young, so i could raise her like i wanted and she- in turn would say - I failed. Lol.

Moving on to Kansas City, it's great to hear that you and your husband continued working together and contributing to the music community there. It's unfortunate that the youth concerts had to be abolished due to the new conductor's ego. It must have been a difficult decision for you to change professions at that time. It's also sad to hear about your husband's battle with Alzheimer's and his passing. It seems like he made quite an impact during his time as the choir director at First Presbyterian.

Jane passed away from pancreatic cancer, despite attempts to perform surgery, as the cancer had already spread extensively to blood vessels and nerves. Her last few years were filled with immense suffering before her demise, during which she resided in a nursing facility. This was quite a significant experience for me, as I tried to keep her home for as long as possible. However, due to her deteriorating health and size, it became unavoidable for her to stay in a nursing facility. The facility was conveniently located nearby, allowing me to visit her daily, unless I had prior commitments.

However we did had a good life together we travelled around the States and abroad. We had the opportunity to explore the natural wonders of Yosemite National Park in California and the breathtaking beauty of the Grand Canyon in Arizona. We also immersed ourselves in the vibrant atmosphere of New York City, wandering through Central Park and exploring its iconic landmarks.

Outside the country, we embarked on a remarkable journey through Europe, discovering the timeless charm of Paris, where we strolled along the Seine and marveled at the architectural marvels of the Louvre and Notre-Dame. The picturesque canals of Venice, Italy, left us spellbound, while the magnificent ruins of Ancient Rome transported us back in time.

We were fortunate to witness the awe-inspiring landscapes of Iceland, where we admired the magnificent waterfalls and glistening glaciers.

These travel experiences were not just about the destinations but also about the moments we shared together, appreciating the beauty of the world and creating lasting memories. Although Jane is no longer with me, I hold these memories close to my heart and find solace in the joy and happiness we experienced during our journeys.

Explaining Jane's work experience in her personal life would be a lengthy tale. In brief, she was one of 60,000 employees at Sprint who contributed to constructing the largest corporate campus in America. Every day, she found immense joy in her work, and she felt blessed to be surrounded by remarkable individuals.

I'm sorry for the loss of your best friend and your second husband, John. It must have been a challenging period for you, losing loved ones in such a short span of time. It's remarkable that John came out of retirement to preach at a small country Methodist church and that the congregation grew under his leadership. It's heartwarming to hear about the loving spirit that persisted despite his declining health.

Moving to your hometown in Texas to be with your brother during his illness was a selfless and caring decision. I'm sorry for the loss of not only your brother but also your niece and another son. It must have been a difficult time for your family, and it sounds like your nephew Stuart is the only immediate family you have left. Your determination to carry on and become the matriarch of the family is inspiring. I wish you all the best in achieving your goal of reaching 101 years of age.

Thank you for sharing your story, Stephanie. It's incredible to hear about the different chapters of your life and the resilience you have shown in navigating through them.

Can you share a bit of your experience with grief. Also. Do you keep in contact with any of John family. Just curious.
Sep 09, 2023 6:12:08pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
I forgot to mention we moved to Texas because my brother was in bad health and we wanted to be with him as much as possible. He died at 79 in 1999, his only daughter in 2015, a second son in 2016, so of his 4 children, only my nephew Stuart remains; he’s the one with me in Dallas now. Therefore I am the matriarch of the family, but my grandmother died at 81, my indomitable mother at 91, so I’m shooting for 101!
Sep 09, 2023 4:20:33pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
We are in Dallas now and although I lived here for 12 years and have been back quite a few times for various gatherings (reunions and weddings mostly, I could never have been prepared for the shock of growth! What used to be downtown has crept all the way north to SMU! I’m no longer in school here - sorry I gave you that impression, nor do I teach here. My first husband, who did teach at SMU then became, in 1964, manager of the Dallas Symphony Orchestra. He had even my voice teacher and opera coach at SMU, having come here from NYC where he sang, among other places, on Broadway and with the Met. His marriage was breaking up and he thought perhaps a separation would help, but of course it didn’t. He and I fell in love but he was a lot older than I was so I went to NYC to study privately. I chose not to make traveling and performing and no place to call home my profession, so I returned to Dallas and we married in 1968; I was 24 and he was 56 and never once, in our 40 years together, did that ever make a difference! Then we moved to Kansas City and worked together as we had in Dallas, with him managing the orchestra and me in charge of concerts for young people from age 3 through college. We did that until we had a totally inept conductor who abolished the youth concerts because, he said “once they realize I am conducting, they won’t be able to stay away”. We left KC and their arrogant conductor and changed professions again! Howard became VP in charge of Fund Raising for a small liberal arts college in Jacksonville founded in 1826, and there we stayed. He died after suffering with Alzheimer’s for 24 years but he made an enormous investment in the Illinois area.
He was choir director at First Presbyterian as I was at Grace Methodist in Jacksonville. He died in 2002, my best friend died in 2003, and her husband, who had been my minister since 1988, married in 2004. It was John, husband #2, who died this past December.
He retired in 2000, at 65, but I continued until later when we got a minister who believed nothing of what we Methodists believe, so once again I gathered up my music and my principles and huffed off.
Now John decided we should move to my hometown in Texas so, of course, that’s what we did. He came out of retirement to preach at a small country Methodist church with a congregation of 12 which suddenly ballooned to over 100, but it still had that loving spirit under John’s leadership and, once again, my choir direction. His health deteriorated from diabetes, kidney failure, high blood pressure, and congestive heart failure.
Now you should be all caught up,
Sep 09, 2023 4:12:05pm
Patrick Fraley
I'm glad you and Stuart are getting a chance to attend a joyous family celebration in Dallas. It must be refreshing to have a happy occasion to look forward to instead of the usual somber gatherings. Enjoy your time with your relatives and soak up all the love and happiness. Don't worry about replying until tonight, I'll be patient. As for the length of your message, Well, thank you for that heartfelt and truly fascinating description of yourself! Have a safe trip and a fantastic time at the wedding.
Sep 09, 2023 7:02:28am
Patrick Fraley
Good morning Stephanie,
I’m drinking a cup of coffee. It says, “Young at heart - Slightly older in other places.” Yep, that’s me!

I am turning 74 years young in Nov. Lol..I was born on November 19 which is what they call "on the cusp" meaning I have some attributes of Scorpio and of Sagittarius also. I am a man with a fragile heart,I don't look my age,I feel so young inside and out I feel 60..

Thank you for sharing your story with me. I can feel the genuine enthusiasm and love you have for life, despite the hardships you and your family have faced. Your sister Shirley sounds like an incredible person, overcoming so much and achieving so many things despite the challenges she faced. It's truly inspiring to hear about her resilience and determination.

I also want to express my condolences for the loss of your sister and your father. Losing loved ones is never easy, and it must have been especially difficult for you being so young at the time.

My parents passed many years ago. I was close to them both. They died in a very good age and both lived a fulfilled and accomplished life. They had their frailties, just as we all do, but they were good parents and friends. My Dad was a military man and my Mum a business woman.

It's admirable that you chose to prioritize your mom's well-being and support her during that time. Family is so important, and it's heartwarming to hear about the close-knit relationships you have with your relatives.

I am an only child with limited relatives in Austria, and our relationship is not very strong. My broken relationship with them is the saddest part of my life, but it is in God’s hands, I’ve done everything I know how to do. Gee, I don’t know how to boil things down to the Reader’s Digest version.

It's interesting to hear about your time at The Hockaday School and the opportunities that were presented to you in the music field. It must have been a tough decision to forgo attending a prestigious music school to be there for your mom. However, I believe that family should always come first, and it's clear that you made the right decision at that time. It's also wonderful to hear that you were able to have those two years together with your mom before she felt ready to face the world again.

It's also great to hear that you're currently still at SMU. I'm assuming you're studying music there, given your passion for it. That's fantastic! Pursuing your passion and continuing your education is always a worthwhile endeavor.

I hold a Bsc and Masters in Petroleum and Gas/Marine Engineering and have previous work experience with Sea Lion Marine services in Germany.

Six years ago, i joined a team that successfully completed a Contract Deal assigned by Chevron Oil Groups of Company. This showcases my ambition. My work is challenging and demanding, which has allowed me to travel extensively to countries such as Mexico, Japan, the UK, Germany, and Brazil. Being self-employed has its perks as I work from home now, and have ample free time for myself, and can travel without any restrictions. I am passionate about my profession and find joy in what I do, even though it can be demanding at times. It has provided me with opportunities to explore amazing countries, meet new people, and discover diverse cultures and traditions. Additionally, the financial rewards of my job are exceptional.

Lastly, I agree with you completely about Austria and Switzerland. Both countries are known for their breathtaking beauty, and Austria, in particular, holds such a rich musical history with Mozart. It must have been a dream come true for you to visit there.

I couldn't help but reminisce about the beautiful city I was fortunate to be born and raised in - Vienna, Austria. Allow me to take you on a journey through my memories, and it is my hope that you will get a glimpse of the magic this place holds.

Growing up in Vienna was like living in a fairytale. The city emanates a sense of grace, grandeur, and history from every cobblestone and architectural masterpiece. Walking along the iconic streets, one can almost hear the echoes of Mozart and Beethoven, as their timeless melodies still grace the air in concert halls and cozy cafes. The rich cultural heritage and appreciation for the arts are deeply ingrained in the Viennese way of life, and I often found myself lost in exhibitions showcasing breathtaking paintings and sculptures.

The culinary delights of Vienna are nothing short of extraordinary. Strengthened by a fusion between traditional Austrian cuisine and international influences, the city offers a myriad of restaurants, cafes, and street food stalls. From savoring the iconic Wiener Schnitzel or indulging in a rich Sachertorte at Café Demel, the Viennese culinary scene never fails to leave taste buds dancing with joy. Oh, Stephanie, how I miss the aroma of freshly baked Apfelstrudel filling the air - a true delight to the senses!

One aspect that makes Vienna truly exceptional is the strong emphasis placed on quality of life. Green spaces, such as the enchanting Schönbrunn Palace Gardens or the sprawling Prater Park with its iconic giant Ferris wheel, offer soothing retreats from the bustling city life. The locals, known for their warmth and hospitality, have a knack for creating a harmonious balance between work and leisure. Whether it was attending a lively ball at the Vienna State Opera or simply strolling along the Danube River, we the Viennese know how to embrace life's simple pleasures.

After spending a blissful childhood and early adulthood in Vienna, I made a decision to embark on a new journey, and that led me to Clearwater, FL, all those years ago. It was a leap into unfamiliar territory, and while I have learned to appreciate my new surroundings, Vienna will forever hold a special place in my heart. The memories of sipping coffee in quaint cafes, observing the city's endless charm, and the feeling of belonging to a rich cultural tapestry are vividly etched in my mind.

Vienna, Austria, my dear friend, is undoubtedly a remarkable place. Its stunning architecture, vibrant arts scene, and the emphasis on quality of life make it a city unlike any other. I can't help but get excited thinking about the possibility of exploring its enchantment with you someday. Until then, let's cherish our friendship and continue weaving beautiful memories together, regardless of the distance.

So Stephanie, thank you again for sharing your story with me. It's been a pleasure hearing about your life and experiences. Wishing you all the best in your studies at SMU and beyond. Keep celebrating life with the enthusiasm of that 5-year-old you mentioned!
Sep 09, 2023 7:02:25am
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
My nephew, Stuart and I are going to Dallas tomorrow morning as our cousin is getting married. We are very excited to see our relatives whom we love so dearly, for a happy occasion, rather than the usual funeral. I will receive your messages, but I cannot answer you until tomorrow night. However, with the length of this above message, that may hold you for the rest of your life! L O L.
Sep 08, 2023 11:04:21pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
If you looked at my Facebook profile, you would know I just had my 79th birthday. I have no qualms about telling my age and I celebrate every birthday with the enthusiasm of a 5 year old. All of my first cousins were a minimum of 9 and a maximum of 17 years older than I and there’s a reason for that. My sister Shirley was born in 1935, 5 years after my brother Larry, and in 1937 the polio epidemic hit; my sister lived through it, but was left deformed: it shriveled her left arm of all muscles - she was unable to even raise it - and her back was so affected she stood less than 5 feet tall, 4’8” at the most. Her neck was collapsed into her body, she had no hearing in her left ear, and never developed ovaries. BUT she was an angel God sent for people to love, adore, admire, and influence.
Because of this awful illness, our parents put off having a third child until 1944 when my brother was 16 and my sister was 9; I was so much younger than everyone else, I was definitely the baby and spoiled rotten! Fortunately, at that time right after the War, families all lived only a short distance from each other so, in spite of the age differences, we remained a very close family, especially as everyone hovered around Shirley to help and support and protect her.

Shirley was, as my first husband’s mother used to say, “a tough cookie” and no one ever told her things were impossible for her. She learned to drive when Mom and Dad adapted a car for her; in high school and college she won every award available, some of them two years in a row (ex: Sweetheart of the Football Team), and earned her Master’s in Library Science before being killed, like your precious daughter Ruby, in a car wreck at 26. I was 17 and, having spent two years in Dallas at a girl’s finishing and college preparatory school, was really looking forward to our summer together, but it was not to be. The following November, my dad died of a heart attack. He had began having paralyzing strokes when I was 3 but that last attack was his third, almost always the fatal one.
My wonderful music teachers at the school, The Hockaday School, wanted me to attend Juilliard or Eastman School of Music for my college, but I couldn’t leave my mom after the blows she had endured, so we rented an apartment in Dallas and had 2 years together until I felt she was ready to face the unpredictable world again. I rented an apartment with a dear friend and Mother came back to Atlanta.
Ok, talk about a book, and I’m still in SMU!
Austria and Switzerland were my favorite countries! So beautiful and Austria so full of Mozart!
Sep 08, 2023 8:07:56pm
Patrick Fraley
Hi Stephanie,

Thank you for sharing your thoughts and experiences with me. It's interesting to hear about your time in Jacksonville and how it has changed over the years. It must have been wonderful to be a part of the vibrant music scene and contribute to the musical organizations there. It's unfortunate that things have changed and some of the charm has faded, but I suppose that's a common occurrence as communities evolve.

I can sense your deep love for music and how you have been an active part of the music scene. It's remarkable that you and fellow musicians were able to establish an orchestra and a 70-voice chorale, contributing to the cultural tapestry of the city.

It's unfortunate to hear about the decline of these musical organizations as new residents arrived with different priorities. However, I admire the passion and dedication you've shown as a musician, even in the face of such challenges.

Music has always been my sanctuary, my source of solace and inspiration. Whenever I listen to a beautiful melody or lose myself in a powerful song, it feels like time stands still. I've always found music to be a true companion, a language that transcends barriers and brings people together.

From an early age, I've been drawn to different genres, exploring the vast spectrum of sounds and emotions that music can evoke. Whether it's the soulful tunes of Motown, the raw energy of rock, or the complex harmonies of classical compositions, each genre speaks to me in its own unique way.

In fact, my love for music goes beyond just listening. I've also tried my hand at playing various instruments over the years, always seeking to express myself through the power of sound. There's an indescribable joy in creating music, in feeling the vibrations resonate through every fiber of your being.

I believe that music has the power to heal, to uplift, and to bring people together in ways that nothing else can. It's a universal language that enables us to connect with others on a deeper level, bypassing the limitations of words.

So, Stephanie, I can say with utmost conviction that my love for music runs deep. It's not just a passing interest or hobby for me; it's a core part of who I am. I believe in its ability to bring beauty into our lives and to inspire us to reach higher, to dream bigger.

Thank you for sharing your passion for music and for allowing me to express mine. It's a pleasure to connect with someone who understands the immense power and significance of this art form.

Question: How old are you if you don’t mind me asking? A woman never likes to reveal that tell me. Let this be our secret lol.

I'm actually originally from Austria. I was born in Austria to an Austrian mother and an American father, making me a blend of both nationalities. However, I have been living in the States for over 25 years now..
As a couple, my late wife (Jane) and I relocated to FL and spent the majority of our time residing in Clearwater. New Port Richey and Panama City are also magnificent coastal areas. I completely agree with you about the white sand and the mesmerizing blue/green water. It's truly a sight to behold. Looking forward to hearing more from you later!
Sep 08, 2023 12:42:35pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Where are you from originally? Clearwater is beautiful, I remember, because my aunt used to live in New Port Richey and we’d go to Panama City often. The white sand and the blue/green water were beautiful.
More later
Sep 08, 2023 12:27:37pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Not at all. I appreciate your telling me about your experiences. Being from the South, I have a tendency to fill in all details and explain a lot more than the reader ever wants to know.
Both ladies in Jacksonville, where I lived from 1975 until 2004 full time then part time until 2012, are younger than I am, but Jacksonville is, as many have called it, “Brigadoon” because it is a magical place. It’s about 25,000, 35 miles from Springfield, the capitol, had 3 colleges, 2 theatre groups, numerous churches, beautiful Victorian homes, and so much more when we moved there and, as musicians, we contributed to and began many musical organizations. We even had an orchestra and a 70-voice chorale! Unfortunately all those things have decreased as people were not always generous and kind (I speak from personal experience, sadly) as the old guard died out and the new money-hungry folks moved in. Well, enough on the deteriorating dream!
Sep 08, 2023 12:06:25pm
Patrick Fraley
Wow I wrote a book. Sorry message so long. 😄
Sep 08, 2023 10:52:55am
Patrick Fraley
It's also interesting to learn that you and your late husband were both professional musicians. it's a shame they didn't appreciate the symphony as much.
I'm sorry to hear about his passing in 2002.. Death is not nice. I’ve been there and got the t-shirt. Don’t want to go there again. My wife passed 4 years ago after a very long illness. And to tell the truth it does get very lonely sometimes!!!

It sounds like you have had a remarkable journey, living in Atlanta, Texas, and marrying again in 2004. I'm truly sorry for your loss in December.

As for your friend. I only consider our mutual friends as Facebook acquaintances since I have not met them in person or be in contact. I must admit that being over 50, I am not very proficient with these technological aspects. However, I do appreciate the opportunity to connect with both new and old acquaintances on Facebook.
Sep 08, 2023 10:52:07am
Patrick Fraley

Sep 08, 2023 10:51:34am
Patrick Fraley
Hello Stephanie, good day. My apologies for the late reply. Last night I read your message at 12:30 am, and honestly was so tired that I thought I might fall asleep writing back, lol.

It's fascinating to hear about your first husband's role in reviving the Kansas City Philharmonic. Unfortunately, I didn't have the opportunity to attend the symphony during that time. I lived in Clearwater FL before relocating to Shawnee, Kansas few years ago after the passing of my late wife. I think anyone would like it here (at lease I hope so). This city is very well managed so we like it.

Jorge Mester sounds like a wonderful conductor. I am a Retired Marine Engineer by profession. I have quite a few really responsible employment positions currently I’m managing my own firm solely as a Registered Oil and Gas Consultant. Last year, I got my license to Operate solely as a General Contractor. Basically I specialize in commercial and private purchases. I have been able to work from home and go into the office whenever I want, what a blessing.

It must have been quite a change for you when you moved from Overland Park to Jacksonville, Illinois. Sounds like a fresh start, especially since the two girls you know live there.

My only daughter (Ruby) died in a Fatal Car accident 12 years ago, I don't like talking about it as it brings back sad and painful memories. But I’m very content with my life presently as I have these fur babies who fill my days (and nights) I am surrounded with my 2 Schnauzer doggies who are my fan club and each struggles to be the one closest to me. They are getting very old now. The oldest is 7 1/2 and the other go down by a year. I try to give them special time before the day gets going. ( Will send a picture)
Sep 08, 2023 10:51:26am
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
How do you know my friends?
Sep 07, 2023 10:34:10pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
I’m speaking this on my iPad and I have no idea who Cathy is. I was trying to tell you that my first husband was manager of the Kansas City Philharmonic from 1971 to 75. He was brought there to revive it because whoever was manager before, Harry, something who sold donuts didn’t know what he was doing understandably. My husband had been manager in the Dallas symphony orchestra. Did you ever come to the symphony during that time Jorge Mester what is our wonderful conductor, but Kansas City had no idea what they were doing. Which is OK I guess it just didn’t work so we moved from Overland Park to Jacksonville Illinois which is where the two girls you know live. My husband and I were both professional musicians, but I am retired now and he died in 2002. I live in my hometown of Atlanta Texas which is a little hole in the wall in northeast Texas the Pineywood part I married again in 2004 and that husband, who was my minister died this past December. Tell me about you.
Sep 07, 2023 10:30:41pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
My first husband and I am is in Overland Park from 1971 to 1975; he was manager, Cathy, Kansas, City, Philharmonic
Sep 07, 2023 10:20:21pm
Patrick Fraley
Hi Stephanie! Thanks for reaching out. It's great to hear that you're still good friends with Janine. Despite living far away, it's wonderful that you still have a strong bond with both of them. I haven’t been in contact. I think I had a friend request from her as suggested friend so I responded back and it said we are now friends. You’ll have to forgive me. I’m just about as adept at these tech things being over 50, but do enjoy the new and old connections on Facebook. Anyhow, I’m please to meet you and I would be happy to get to know you, I believe in Friendship. One can’t have too many friends right?
Sep 07, 2023 8:32:28pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
I used to be Janine’s neighbor and am still good friends with both of them even though I am 660 miles away. I miss both of them as great girls.
Sep 07, 2023 8:22:08pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
You can now message and call each other and see info like Active Status and when you've read messages.
Sep 07, 2023 8:02:32pm
Stephanie Smith-Wilkey
Hi Patrick! Sorry to disappoint you, but I’m a native Texan and after living in big cities do United States I have come back home to roost. I hope you find your friend Facebook is a great place to find people who thought you lost. Good luck.
Sep 07, 2023 8:02:32pm
Patrick Fraley
Hello Stephanie. Saw your name on a post from a common friend. I was just wondering if you lived in Naples, FL. I knew a girl there with the same name. Please let me know. Thanks!